Now, I really want to hop in to the main part of this course, and I don't know, I'm really excited
to start actually editing together with you.
So for this first main learning lesson, what we're going to be doing is focusing on the first aspect
of editing, which is creating your rough edit.
Now, we're going to start by doing something that's really easy for all skill levels.
We're going to start simple and then we're going to build our way throughout this course from concepts
and techniques that are easy to more advance.
So from beginner to intermediate to advanced.
So depending on your skill level and what you want from this course, you can follow along to this less
complex section or you can skip ahead as you wish.
Whatever's best for you.
But I'd highly recommend going through this course front to back, because that's really how it's designed.
And so to get into this section, you're going to follow along with me and you're going to edit footage
from your phone.
So you're going to choose a recent trip, a recent memory, a recent anything that really sparked your
interest maybe has been sitting on your phone.
We all have smartphones these days with pretty decent cameras.
So I really thought this would be perfect exercise to kind of get the ball rolling.
But it can really be anything that you have that has at least five to ten shots that you can work with.
Secondly, we're going to transfer the footage from the device and we're going to edit side by side
together.
So we'll be diving into editing workflow, creating backups to keep all your projects safe.
The project files and self editing your main sequence, pulling your selects and then refining your
edit.
And after this section, you can export and share your video.
You or whether that's a YouTube URL, Vimeo URL, Dropbox, Google Drive, whatever it is.
You can post it on the assignment at the end of this section.